Shawn Phalen: Hey, why are you
Elijah Nelson: Doing. Hi.
Shawn Phalen: You hear me okay
Shawn Phalen: Yep. Okay. Cool. Okay, I'm Sean I wanted a therapist separate hurt.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. And so we're just gonna pay. I need to do. I just need to ask you a series of questions here.
Shawn Phalen: So you're required
Shawn Phalen: You're obviously required to do group right
Elijah Nelson: Yes. Did you
Individual therapy twice a month.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So tell me, tell me what brought you to write her
Elijah Nelson: Well,
Elijah Nelson: I had to call it around. Okay, so I mean I can start from kind of in the beginning.
Elijah Nelson: I moved to Tennessee from California. I grew up in California.
Elijah Nelson: So I moved to Tennessee and I, I've always had back pain, but I was doing a job out in Kentucky and I hurt my back and it wasn't all the job. It was actually when I was at home.
Elijah Nelson: I twisted my back trying because I I stay in it. Whenever, wherever I moved to I own a home in Tennessee. But wherever, whenever I move around do jobs. So now, always take my RV with me. So I ended up hurting my back and I went to the doctor when I went home, I created like a
Elijah Nelson: How do you say
Elijah Nelson: My regular doctor
Elijah Nelson: Which I haven't done in a long time because I never go to the doctor.
Elijah Nelson: But
Elijah Nelson: I ended up getting a, you know,
Elijah Nelson: A regular doctor and they did all these tests on me and they're like, Okay, well, you know, it looks like you have, you know, arthritis in your bag and you have a, you know,
Elijah Nelson: Something going on in the lower back area. You know, I forget what they call that
Elijah Nelson: And so they're like, okay, you know we can do one or two things we can you know really get into this and send you to a specialist and you know there's going to require surgery and, you know, all these things.
Elijah Nelson: Which you know just time and money right and
Elijah Nelson: He said, or we can send me to pay management and see if you can give your backup break you know take pills, if you need something
Elijah Nelson: And I was like, well, I'd rather go that route right was like, let's do that way because I don't want to make things worse. But I don't want to
Elijah Nelson: make things even worse. I guess you would say I didn't know what to do at that point. Like, I don't want to take time off to do surgery or anything like that.
Shawn Phalen: And then for you prescribe pills.
Elijah Nelson: Yes. And so that's what ended up happening and
Elijah Nelson: They tried a couple things.
Elijah Nelson: You know, I did and I just made sure I didn't do anything that I knew my back. Couldn't handle. And that was my problem, like I have to look at when I'm doing stuff. I have to look and say, Hey. My back's not going to handle this. I can't do it.
Elijah Nelson: And, you know, I'm not no spring chicken, no more, you know,
Elijah Nelson: And so that's what I was what I did. And then I did take the pills, as they recommended
Elijah Nelson: And so, kind of just got out of here, you know, and
Elijah Nelson: I didn't know. I mean, you know, we
Elijah Nelson: Started off with the give me. I want to say, what is it wasn't, it wasn't even I don't even think it was an opiate. It was like a
Elijah Nelson: New New new star new strain or something like that, but it was like a nice little yellow pill is nice and it really helped us kind of a muscle relaxer slash like
Elijah Nelson: I don't know, like aspirin or the cotton, you know, and then they gave me the hydrocodone as well.
Elijah Nelson: So I took the hydrocodone
Elijah Nelson: And I mean it was okay. You know, I really was like, Okay, this is great things are okay you know whenever I'd have that really bad back pain. I would take that and then it just kind of spiraled from there, you know, and
Elijah Nelson: I
Elijah Nelson: You know, I go there once a month, and sometimes I couldn't even get there to the pain management because they would only do it in Tennessee and I'd be over in Ohio or
Elijah Nelson: Up in Pennsylvania. You know, so I couldn't make it. And so I talked to them about that and and so they would give me, you know, extra prescription
Elijah Nelson: Is it okay we'll give you, you've been coming here for so long. We're going to give you, you know, we'll give you three months worth. Yeah. Yeah. And so
Elijah Nelson: In one and a half, two months out
Elijah Nelson: You know what I mean. And
Elijah Nelson: Just sitting there like, okay, I'm in pain. Hello, bad and
Elijah Nelson: It was just bad. You know, and I didn't
Elijah Nelson: I never met for it to get to that point, you know, as far as taking the pills and then they prescribed me the oxy codeine
Elijah Nelson: And that's when it was like, that's when I was like, No, that's enough, that's enough. I had a friend of mine who was like
Elijah Nelson: You know, you really don't want to go too far into this because there's other alternatives that you can do. Right. And he had been on Suboxone so he gives me he was giving me Suboxone say try this.
Elijah Nelson: I would take half a tab and be good for two days.
Elijah Nelson: Vice and taken all these pills every day. Right. And so I was on. I was on
Elijah Nelson: Suboxone for a year before they ever prescribed it to me. And so
Elijah Nelson: Here I am in California. You know how you're working and I didn't, he doesn't have any more right now. Like he would send it to me.
Elijah Nelson: And I just
Elijah Nelson: Was like, you know what, I got to a point where it's like, you know, I don't take very much. I don't think like, I'll take sometimes I won't take my six milligrams. I'll go like, I'll try to do one
Elijah Nelson: Or, you know, but she's telling me to take your six. So I'm like, I've been doing what she tells me because I'm like trying to stay on what she tells me to do.
Shawn Phalen: How many years were you taking the pill.
Elijah Nelson: That started about two years ago.
Elijah Nelson: Well, when I moved out like two, two and a half years ago. Okay, so then
Shawn Phalen: You're in California right now. Yeah. And how long are you going to be in California and
Elijah Nelson: I'll be here for at least the rest of the year. Okay. And then it's your first time trying to get off pills like with like a outpatient program like said, I just didn't want to take any pills anymore. I've been off to I haven't taken a pill and over a year.
Shawn Phalen: Now I know that have you
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So it is right heart. The first place they call them. Yes.
Elijah Nelson: Well, what happened and happened was I was like, I called my friend. We usually send me to Suboxone and
Elijah Nelson: I said, Hey, you know, I'm like, he's like, he used to be. He's live out here today and said,
Elijah Nelson: Called Dr.
Elijah Nelson: Something I forget his name. A Osmond or something like that to call him call his office and see if you can get an appointment over there.
Elijah Nelson: And just tell them straight up, you know, like, you know, I'm having what you're always right now and I need to get in to see somebody
Elijah Nelson: I called and they said, well, you don't have any you know insurance. So for us, even me. She said, I can make you an appointment, even if you have insurance, but if you don't have it. I can't help you.
Elijah Nelson: He said, But I are and then she told me she said if you were having some withdrawals, go ahead and go to the emergency room.
Elijah Nelson: And so that's what I ended up doing. I just went to an emergency room I told the receptionist. I said straight up. Hey,
Elijah Nelson: I'm having withdrawals. I've been taped been on Suboxone for over a year now and I
Elijah Nelson: Don't know what to do. And I sat there for like four or five hours and then when they brought me back there. The doctors like
Elijah Nelson: WE DON'T EAT IT WAS FUNNY, YOU KNOW, I KNOW YOU'RE BUSY, you know, with everything going on and I really didn't want to be there and I almost walked out but he just, you know, flux by says
Elijah Nelson: What's the problem. I said, Well, I'm having withdrawals right now and I. He said, well, we don't we don't we don't give
Elijah Nelson: Narcotics in er, so I'm not looking for narcotics, you know, I just want a soapbox and he goes, oh, okay, can you give me a Suboxone right there. And that's when he referred me to you. Okay.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, so then it's fiction run in your family at all. Nope, okay. No, that's the thing. Like, I mean, I couldn't just put the pills down and I was just tired of taking them, you know, I still want to take no more damn pills. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. So, any, any
Elijah Nelson: Mental health issues. Any depression any anxiety, anything like that. No, I just, I talked to Dr. Allah dad yesterday when we had group storage been having trouble sleeping, but that was about it and she gave me some pills to help me sleep like call me down.
Shawn Phalen: The legal problem.
Elijah Nelson: Anyway, legal legal problems. Any era any I'm in my youth. Yeah, I got, I got a DUI in 2015
Elijah Nelson: I was working out in LA, and we were out to dinner one night and I probably shouldn't have drove i just i was a little bit over and I got pulled over and they got me but
Elijah Nelson: I drink once in a while like even that night I was like I was kind of mad at myself. Like I said, I've been drinking. Right.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Any financial issues because
You
Elijah Nelson: Know i mean i
Elijah Nelson: wouldn't even know really where to buy them, you know, but I would have a couple friends that give them to me right
Elijah Nelson: My financial issues is from this code 19 stuff.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah. I'm finally going back to work on Monday.
Shawn Phalen: Where do you where
Elijah Nelson: I build above ground storage tanks for holding facilities refineries and the big, you see the big steel storage tanks sitting on the side of the hills and stuff. Yeah, I do. I build those really
Shawn Phalen: So have you been out of work for the last couple months.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I've been. I've been laid off since 27th.
Elijah Nelson: Of March.
Shawn Phalen: What kind of Cal, are you in
Elijah Nelson: I live right now I'm living in Venetia but I'm from Vacaville area.
Shawn Phalen: You're in
Elijah Nelson: Yeah. And when we sold our house I owned a home in Vacaville and we sold it and moved out towards northwest, Tennessee.
Elijah Nelson: Because I was working for a company that you know they're they're nationwide, but they
Elijah Nelson: It's. That's why we chose Tennessee's because they're just pretty much in the heart of United States, and there's a big there's a big like line going up in that from south to north like North Dakota down to, you know, Louisiana.
Elijah Nelson: Like there, you know, and that's why we shows there, but I'm just out here working right now, which is cool because I got to come back out here. I'm making the best money that I've ever made.
Shawn Phalen: Know the hoo hoo been back in Tennessee. There are you married them.
Elijah Nelson: Not i'm i'm recently divorced divorced. Our divorce was final October 21 I have three little girls and they're living there, living in my home in Tennessee. Okay.
Was it there.
amicable divorce.
Elijah Nelson: Well, it was my fault. Basically, I mean,
Elijah Nelson: I'm on the road a lot and
Elijah Nelson: I mean it's not only my fault.
Elijah Nelson: I just I do take my responsibility in it. You know, I'm the one that reached out. I felt like I reached out and like tried to say, hey, I miss you, kind of, you know,
Elijah Nelson: And then I just didn't feel like it was reciprocated right and
Elijah Nelson: I messed up. So that's what happens.
Shawn Phalen: How old are your daughter's
Elijah Nelson: 1311 and five. Okay, and what about other family.
Handling
Elijah Nelson: Yep. Um, my grandma lives down in Bakersfield, California. I have my mom and my dad living in the label.
Elijah Nelson: And then my step please my step dad.
Elijah Nelson: And then you know he has a bunch of family, they're all like my brothers and sisters. Okay.
Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: Oh yeah, oh, here I'm good. And I'm out here I have a girlfriend. Now she lives with me here.
Elijah Nelson: Basically like said
Elijah Nelson: I I traveled forever. Like I travel around dude work and then
Elijah Nelson: It kind of sucks because I know that was part of the
Elijah Nelson: You know, our relationship issues was me being gone
Elijah Nelson: And sometimes I'd have to be gone for months at a time. Yeah, no, I try to never be gone more than three or four weeks at a time. Yeah, but it's just hard. You know, it's where it was always very hard.
Shawn Phalen: Have you
Shawn Phalen: Been company for a long time.
Elijah Nelson: Okay. All right. Would that you finish high school. Yeah, yeah. I graduated in 1999
Shawn Phalen: Any other addictive behaviors to be. Yeah, okay.
Elijah Nelson: No, that was the only one in like
Elijah Nelson: Just the other day I had to do a hair follicle test for a refinery and show refinery, and I got, I got a call or like we need to get this guy to give them like a lot number and all this other stuff and I think
Elijah Nelson: All right. You're good, you're negative and like
All right, thanks.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, and that's that was a big deal for a long time to because
Elijah Nelson: You know, I didn't have a prescription to take the Suboxone. So I'd have to really like start going through the withdrawals when you know to
Elijah Nelson: Do any kind of urinalysis or whatever I needed to do and it was not easy. I hated doing I hated hiding it. Right. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: And so now I don't have to do that. And like I said, like 100 pound
Elijah Nelson: weight lifted off my shoulders, you know,
Elijah Nelson: I'm doing them every Monday at nine. And this one I'm going back to work this Monday and
Elijah Nelson: I'm gonna I'm gonna talk to
Elijah Nelson: I'll be able to make it. I'm going to just let me take some time and do it, but I'm gonna have to do something because it's gonna be really hard for me to take an hour out of the day if it wasn't that long. It was be an issue but
What are your hours of work.
Elijah Nelson: Over at Shell refinery. I think it's going to be seven to 530
Elijah Nelson: I'm usually six to 436 six or 510 hour days. Wow. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: So, so I'm really looking forward to you because I haven't worked in like 45 days. Wow, that's good that has that put a financial strain and you
Elijah Nelson: Oh yeah, I've got all my bills are on current coronavirus stuff. But, you know, and you know Mike my truck payment my my RV pain.
Elijah Nelson: Like, everything's okay it's my house payment that I really want to catch back up on because they're trying to say at the end. If I told him, I said, they don't pay for three or not 90 days, that's fine. But it's all going to be do with the end. Everyone else is adding at the end of my loan.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, well, that's fine. I'll catch back at
Elijah Nelson: But I mean, I need to go to work and they've been I was supposed to go back to work on the fourth
Elijah Nelson: And then they pushed it, push it, push the job. Okay, we're gonna go back on the 14th. And then, which is tomorrow, and then they call me on Mondays. I know we're gonna be back next Monday, but it's for sure.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, yeah, it's hard.
Crazy.
Shawn Phalen: Um okay so
Shawn Phalen: Why don't we do you have any questions of me. Have you ever had before ever
Elijah Nelson: No, no.
Elijah Nelson: No, I mean I were pretty straightforward guy. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So were there any other drugs in your youth coke heroin read
Elijah Nelson: Well, when I was young, I used to smoke weed before I went to the military like high school days.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, I have tried to before. But other than that, nothing.
Shawn Phalen: Now you were in the military.
Yes.
Elijah Nelson: From 1999 to 2003
Where were you
Elijah Nelson: I was just maybe CB
Elijah Nelson: And then
Elijah Nelson: I've done three deployments to Iraq war in Afghanistan.
Elijah Nelson: So last last deployment. I did was supposed to get out and they told me was did a stop loss on me and made me stay eight more months.
Elijah Nelson: Oh, yeah.
Elijah Nelson: I got there it
Elijah Nelson: Was pretty cool. That's a long time ago. It seems like a lifetime ago. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, yep. Then I got out.
Elijah Nelson: Went to school.
Elijah Nelson: Went to like the junior college the welding start doing that you can enter that and then start working on tanks. Wow, did you
Shawn Phalen: Well, the tanks, like you just build them from the ground up.
Yep.
Elijah Nelson: You'll see it. You see him on that you'll see him in the inner a big huge tanks. Yes. Yeah. That's why I built those and now you're talking about. So
Shawn Phalen: How many people work on one tank.
Elijah Nelson: I'll have a crew about like six or seven
That doesn't seem like a lot.
Elijah Nelson: You don't need too many
Elijah Nelson: You know, you know, you don't need to make
Elijah Nelson: You take more people than that then, like, you're, you're wasting, you know, time making sure things are getting done more than you're actually getting things done.
Shawn Phalen: And we're looking in the tank with
Elijah Nelson: Diesel crude oil gasoline.
Elijah Nelson: Ethanol all their different stuff that they use.
Shawn Phalen: To you like it.
Elijah Nelson: I love it.
Elijah Nelson: I do. I've been doing it for, I'm a foreman. So like, unlike the balls out there, most of time on the job site.
Elijah Nelson: So I just, I'm not much I still go out and weld and do stuff like that but I mostly have to make sure like the material showing up and making sure you know everything's going on.
Elijah Nelson: Because I have to, you know, there's a lot to it more than just making sure your porta potties are clean and you know the welding rod and everything. So it means a lot of safety to so
Elijah Nelson: Oh, yeah.
Elijah Nelson: Especially in the refinery yeah crazy because there's a lot of just regular storage facilities are like are right next door that you know they have. They make a lot of money just on storage.
Elijah Nelson: Really those stories. Those story all your material or your product when you need it will just pump it right over.
Elijah Nelson: So it's a big money and storage.
Elijah Nelson: It's pretty cool. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: OK, so the boxes working for you. You feel like you're on the right. Do you feel good, you've been feeling good for like a year. Right.
Elijah Nelson: Yeah, well then, once I start taking that was like let me take a half of this film, you know, because my friend, he was giving me the eight milligram to boxing's
Elijah Nelson: So he'd give me those and I would take half of one, you know, and I'd be good for two or three days, you know, but I was pushing it you know after the second day
Elijah Nelson: I start feeling I feel it in my legs and it just, it sucks, you know, and I just want to get all I really wanted to get off it, to be honest.
Elijah Nelson: So I had the pain because you're back. Yeah.
Elijah Nelson: See my back. Isn't that bad right now it's like
Elijah Nelson: Like my in my sciatic like I I literally was one day when I was married was, I think it was just like early last year. I mean, they're cleaning the cat box.
Elijah Nelson: And I literally just twisted the wrong way and it just, I couldn't get up. I was like, I cannot. I can't get up right now. You know it hurts so bad, just twisted the wrong way. You know, it's not all about just lifting and doing that stuff about like your body movement to, you know,
Elijah Nelson: Right.
Elijah Nelson: I couldn't believe it. And like
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so not only did this. Like, why don't we set an appointment in a couple weeks just for you to, you know, since you have to meet with me.
Elijah Nelson: Okay, for sure.
Shawn Phalen: And your groups are on Wednesday. Right.
Elijah Nelson: Know Monday morning at nine. Okay. All right. Do you want to do Wednesday, June 3 the top
Elijah Nelson: What
Shawn Phalen: Wednesday, June third at six o'clock.
Elijah Nelson: That'd be perfect.
Any question.
Elijah Nelson: Okay. All right. Well, thank you, I appreciate your time. No problem. You have a good one. Okay. Take care.
Shawn Phalen: Good luck at work.
Elijah Nelson: I will buy